Named clients with gRPC client factory (#22418)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/clientfactory.md

For more information about deadlines and RPC cancellation, see <xref:grpc/deadlines-cancellation>.

## Named clients

> Typically a gRPC client type is registered once and then injected directly into a type's constructor by DI. However, there are scenarios where it is useful to have multiple configurations for one client. For example, a client that makes gRPC calls with and without authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, a gRPC client type is registered once and then injected directly into a type's constructor by DI. However, there are scenarios where it is useful to have multiple configurations for one client. For example, a client that makes gRPC calls with and without authentication.
```

> The solution to this problem is to give clients a name. Each named client can have its own configuration. The generic `AddGrpcClient` extension method has an overload that includes a name parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple clients can be registered by giving each client a name. Each named client can have its own configuration. The generic `AddGrpcClient` extension method has an overload that includes a name parameter:
```

```csharp
services
    .AddGrpcClient<Greeter.GreeterClient>("Greeter", o =>
    {
        o.Address = new Uri("https://localhost:5001");
    });
    
services
    .AddGrpcClient<Greeter.GreeterClient>("GreeterAuthenticated", o =>
    {
        o.Address = new Uri("https://localhost:5001");
    })
    .ConfigureChannel(o =>
    {
        o.Credentials = new CustomCredentials();
    });
```

> The preceeding code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preceding code:
```

> * Registers `GreeterClient` twice, specifing a unique name for each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Registers `GreeterClient` twice, specifying a unique name for each.
```
